README.md, before:

# λ hffp
> My notepad for the Haskell From First Principles book

At the moment, this is not really useful to anyone besides myself.

If you are looking for solutions to the exercises, I would recommend getting the repos with the same idea but more stars/contributors.

If at some point I believe this has a value to someone but me, I will update this file with usefull information.

## Table of Contents

* [Chapter 1](chapters/chapter-1/README.md)
* [Chapter 2](chapters/chapter-2/README.md)
* [Chapter 3](chapters/chapter-3/README.md)
* [Chapter 4](chapters/chapter-4/README.md)
* [Chapter 5](chapters/chapter-5/README.md)
* [Chapter 6](chapters/chapter-6/README.md)
* [Chapter 7](chapters/chapter-7/README.md)
* [Chapter 8](chapters/chapter-8/README.md)
* [Chapter 9](chapters/chapter-9/README.md)
* [Chapter 10](chapters/chapter-10/README.md)
* [Chapter 11](chapters/chapter-11/README.md)
* [Chapter 12](chapters/chapter-12/README.md)
* [Chapter 13](chapters/chapter-13/README.md)
* [Chapter 14](chapters/chapter-14/README.md)
* [Chapter 15](chapters/chapter-15/README.md)
* [Chapter 16](chapters/chapter-16/README.md)
* [Chapter 17](chapters/chapter-17/README.md)
* [Chapter 18](chapters/chapter-18/README.md)

## Docs

To generate the docs, use `make docs`.

Commit message:

Add notice regarding book targeted version

README.md, after:

# λ hffp
> My notepad for the Haskell From First Principles book

At the moment, this is not really useful to anyone besides myself.

If you are looking for solutions to the exercises, I would recommend getting the repos with the same idea but more stars/contributors.

If at some point I believe this has a value to someone but me, I will update this file with usefull information.

**Beware** that the exercises are targeting the `1.0RC3` version of the book, with the latest version available of GHC. There are solutions that differ from the expected from the book because of that (mainly because of the Semigroups/Applicatives recent changes).

## Table of Contents

* [Chapter 1](chapters/chapter-1/README.md)
* [Chapter 2](chapters/chapter-2/README.md)
* [Chapter 3](chapters/chapter-3/README.md)
* [Chapter 4](chapters/chapter-4/README.md)
* [Chapter 5](chapters/chapter-5/README.md)
* [Chapter 6](chapters/chapter-6/README.md)
* [Chapter 7](chapters/chapter-7/README.md)
* [Chapter 8](chapters/chapter-8/README.md)
* [Chapter 9](chapters/chapter-9/README.md)
* [Chapter 10](chapters/chapter-10/README.md)
* [Chapter 11](chapters/chapter-11/README.md)
* [Chapter 12](chapters/chapter-12/README.md)
* [Chapter 13](chapters/chapter-13/README.md)
* [Chapter 14](chapters/chapter-14/README.md)
* [Chapter 15](chapters/chapter-15/README.md)
* [Chapter 16](chapters/chapter-16/README.md)
* [Chapter 17](chapters/chapter-17/README.md)
* [Chapter 18](chapters/chapter-18/README.md)

## Docs

To generate the docs, use `make docs`.
